Overhaul of cartpole readme and update of main readme (#85)
aidudezzz/deepworlds: examples/cartpole/README.md

# CartPole

This example is a recreation of the classic [CartPole](https://gym.openai.com/environments/classic_control/cart_pole/)

> problem in [Webots](https://cyberbotics.com) as seen in [OpenAI's gym](https://gym.openai.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
problem in [Webots](https://cyberbotics.com), as seen in [OpenAI's gym](https://gym.openai.com/).
```

Various solutions to the problem are provided, with discrete and continuous action spaces. 
[PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) is used as the backend neural network library. 
Discrete and continuous action space cases are split because switching between them requires several modifications 
on both the robot and the supervisor controllers.

Examples utilize both the [emitter - receiver scheme](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots#emitter---receiver-scheme) and the 
[robot - supervisor scheme](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots#combined-robot-supervisor-scheme) and act as basic examples of 
[deepbots framework](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots) in use.

> ***More CartPole examples can always be added/contributed, using other algorithms/backends.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***More CartPole examples can always be added/contributed using other algorithms/backends.***
```

robot supervisor ([robot - supervisor script](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager/robot_supervisor.py)) schemes. 

You can find the corresponding .wbt world files to open in Webots [here](./cartpole_continuous/worlds/).

----

### Contents
- [CartPole discrete](./cartpole_discrete)
  - [supervisor](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/supervisor_manager/) / [robot](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_controller/) / [custom PPO](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/supervisor_manager/agent/PPO_agent.py)
  - [robot - supervisor](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager) / [custom PPO](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager/agent/PPO_agent.py)
  - [robot - supervisor with StableBaselines3](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager_Stable_Baselines/)
- [CartPole continuous](./cartpole_continuous)
  - [supervisor](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/supervisor_manager/) / [robot](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_controller/) / [custom DDPG](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/supervisor_manager/agent/DDPG_agent.py)

>   - [robot - supervisor](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager) / [custom DDPG](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager/agent/DDPG_agent.py)

Reviewer: @tsampazk 
When users see  `/`, users might think `robot (./controllers/robot_controller/)` is in `supervisor (.//controllers/supervisor_manager/)` folder.
I have no idea how to make it better, though. 😕

Author: Oh sorry i didn't get it the first time you mentioned that. I used / as a separator, i can go ahead and change it to a ',' or '-', what do you think?

Author: I replaced them with commas, let me know how it looks.

Reviewer: @tsampazk Thanks! LGTM 😄

> This example is a recreation of the classic [CartPole](https://www.gymlibrary.ml/environments/classic_control/cart_pole/)
> problem in [Webots](https://cyberbotics.com) as seen in [OpenAI's gym](https://gym.openai.com/).

Reviewer: https://www.gymlibrary.ml is broken.
A website redirect points https://gym.openai.com to https://www.gymlibrary.dev/.
I think we can change it to https://gym.openai.com.
```suggestion
This example is a recreation of the classic [CartPole](https://gym.openai.com/environments/classic_control/cart_pole/)
problem in [Webots](https://cyberbotics.com) as seen in [OpenAI's gym](https://gym.openai.com/).
```

Author: Oops i tested all the links but didn't notice the redirection, thanks!

> Various solutions of the problem are provided, both with discrete and with continuous action spaces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Various solutions to the problem are provided, with discrete and continuous action spaces. 
```

[PyTorch](https://pytorch.org/) is used as the backend neural network library. 

> Discrete and continuous action space cases are split, because switching between them requires several modifications 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discrete and continuous action space cases are split because switching between them requires several modifications 
```

on both the robot and the supervisor controllers.

Examples utilize both the [emitter - receiver scheme](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots#emitter---receiver-scheme) and the 
[robot - supervisor scheme](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots#combined-robot-supervisor-scheme) and act as basic examples of 
[deepbots framework](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots) in use.

**More CartPole examples can always be added/contributed, using other algorithms/backends.**

----

### Discrete action space

The discrete action space case is solved with a custom implementation of the
[Proximal Policy Optimization Reinforcement (PPO) Learning (RL) algorithm](https://openai.com/blog/openai-baselines-ppo/), 

> both with the [emitter](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/supervisor_manager/supervisor_controller.py)-[receiver](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_controller/robot_controller.py) and 

Reviewer: These hyperlinks, emitter->supervisor_controller.py and receiver->robot_controller.py, are a bit confusing to me.
They both have an emitter and a receiver.

Author: Same as the previous comment 😄

[robot supervisor](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager/robot_supervisor.py) schemes. 

You can find the corresponding .wbt world files to open in Webots [here](./cartpole_continuous/worlds/).

----

### Contents
- [CartPole discrete](./cartpole_discrete)
  - [Emitter](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/supervisor_manager/) / [Receiver](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_controller/) / [Custom PPO](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/supervisor_manager/agent/PPO_agent.py)
  - [Robot supervisor](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager) / [Custom PPO](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager/agent/PPO_agent.py)
  - [Robot supervisor with StableBaselines3](./cartpole_discrete/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager_Stable_Baselines/)
- [CartPole continuous](./cartpole_continuous)
  - [Emitter](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/supervisor_manager/) / [Receiver](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_controller/) / [Custom DDPG](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/supervisor_manager/agent/DDPG_agent.py)

>   - [Robot supervisor](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager) / [Custom DDPG](./cartpole_continuous/controllers/robot_supervisor_manager/agent/DDPG_agent.py)

Reviewer: @tsampazk Could you explain why `Receiver` is inside `Emitter`?
Our[ `class SupervisorCSV`](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots/blob/3ae23e6097c2d4ecc4288614981d4114084e6a6e/deepbots/supervisor/controllers/supervisor_emitter_receiver.py#L121) and [`class RobotEmitterReceiverCSV`](https://github.com/aidudezzz/deepbots/blob/3ae23e6097c2d4ecc4288614981d4114084e6a6e/deepbots/robots/controllers/robot_emitter_receiver_csv.py#L7) both have an emitter and a receiver.

Author: You're right, i was thinking in terms of the robot being the receiver and the supervisor being the emitter 😆, i'll go ahead and fix this and the next comment appropriately!
